school: True, mask: all, Younger: none, older: none
school: True, mask: all, Younger: none, older: minimal
school: True, mask: all, Younger: none, older: moderate
school: True, mask: all, Younger: none, older: severe
school: True, mask: all, Younger: minimal, older: none
school: True, mask: all, Younger: minimal, older: minimal
school: True, mask: all, Younger: minimal, older: moderate
school: True, mask: all, Younger: minimal, older: severe
school: True, mask: all, Younger: moderate, older: none
school: True, mask: all, Younger: moderate, older: minimal
school: True, mask: all, Younger: moderate, older: moderate
school: True, mask: all, Younger: moderate, older: severe
school: True, mask: all, Younger: severe, older: none
school: True, mask: all, Younger: severe, older: minimal
school: True, mask: all, Younger: severe, older: moderate
school: True, mask: all, Younger: severe, older: severe
school: True, mask: most, Younger: none, older: none
school: True, mask: most, Younger: none, older: minimal
school: True, mask: most, Younger: none, older: moderate
school: True, mask: most, Younger: none, older: severe
school: True, mask: most, Younger: minimal, older: none
school: True, mask: most, Younger: minimal, older: minimal
school: True, mask: most, Younger: minimal, older: moderate
school: True, mask: most, Younger: minimal, older: severe
school: True, mask: most, Younger: moderate, older: none
school: True, mask: most, Younger: moderate, older: minimal
school: True, mask: most, Younger: moderate, older: moderate
school: True, mask: most, Younger: moderate, older: severe
school: True, mask: most, Younger: severe, older: none
school: True, mask: most, Younger: severe, older: minimal
school: True, mask: most, Younger: severe, older: moderate
school: True, mask: most, Younger: severe, older: severe
school: True, mask: half, Younger: none, older: none
school: True, mask: half, Younger: none, older: minimal
school: True, mask: half, Younger: none, older: moderate
school: True, mask: half, Younger: none, older: severe
school: True, mask: half, Younger: minimal, older: none
school: True, mask: half, Younger: minimal, older: minimal
school: True, mask: half, Younger: minimal, older: moderate
school: True, mask: half, Younger: minimal, older: severe
school: True, mask: half, Younger: moderate, older: none
school: True, mask: half, Younger: moderate, older: minimal
school: True, mask: half, Younger: moderate, older: moderate
school: True, mask: half, Younger: moderate, older: severe
school: True, mask: half, Younger: severe, older: none
school: True, mask: half, Younger: severe, older: minimal
school: True, mask: half, Younger: severe, older: moderate
school: True, mask: half, Younger: severe, older: severe
school: True, mask: few, Younger: none, older: none
school: True, mask: few, Younger: none, older: minimal
school: True, mask: few, Younger: none, older: moderate
school: True, mask: few, Younger: none, older: severe
school: True, mask: few, Younger: minimal, older: none
school: True, mask: few, Younger: minimal, older: minimal
school: True, mask: few, Younger: minimal, older: moderate
school: True, mask: few, Younger: minimal, older: severe
school: True, mask: few, Younger: moderate, older: none
school: True, mask: few, Younger: moderate, older: minimal
school: True, mask: few, Younger: moderate, older: moderate
school: True, mask: few, Younger: moderate, older: severe
school: True, mask: few, Younger: severe, older: none
school: True, mask: few, Younger: severe, older: minimal
school: True, mask: few, Younger: severe, older: moderate
school: True, mask: few, Younger: severe, older: severe
school: True, mask: none, Younger: none, older: none
school: True, mask: none, Younger: none, older: minimal
school: True, mask: none, Younger: none, older: moderate
school: True, mask: none, Younger: none, older: severe
school: True, mask: none, Younger: minimal, older: none
school: True, mask: none, Younger: minimal, older: minimal
school: True, mask: none, Younger: minimal, older: moderate
school: True, mask: none, Younger: minimal, older: severe
school: True, mask: none, Younger: moderate, older: none
school: True, mask: none, Younger: moderate, older: minimal
school: True, mask: none, Younger: moderate, older: moderate
school: True, mask: none, Younger: moderate, older: severe
school: True, mask: none, Younger: severe, older: none
school: True, mask: none, Younger: severe, older: minimal
school: True, mask: none, Younger: severe, older: moderate
school: True, mask: none, Younger: severe, older: severe
